1. Model "ResGitDR" contains two parts: 1)Representation learning module which used RseGit to predict gene expression by taking the Somatic genome alterations (SGAs) and cancer type as input. ResGit.py is the model file, to train this part with cross validation, please run the file named "ResGit_train_cross_validation.py". In our experiment, we all did the parameter anlysis which used all data as traning data to get the parameters of the model,please run the file named "ResGit_trian_parameter_analysis.py". 2)Drug reponse prediction module, which used elastic net to predict drug sensitivity by taking the hidden representations learned in the first module and SGAs as input. After training the ResGit with cross validation, please run the file named "DR_train_cross_validation.py" to predict the drug response with cross validation. After training the ResGit with parameter analysis, please run the file named "DR_train_parameter_analysis.py" to get the parameter of elastic net for each drug.
   
2. We also try to train an end-to-end model to predict the drug response with the input of Somatic genome alterations (SGAs) and cancer type. We developed two kinds of models: 1) model "Multitask", which predict the drug response and gene expression values at the same time using the same architecture of ResGit,2) model "SGA2DR",which predict the drug response using the same architecture of ResGit. Using these two models to get the cross validation results, please run the file named "Multitask_and_SGA2DR_train_cross_validation.py". In this file, you can choose the model name to be "Multitask" or "SGA2DR".
